---
title: Test 2017
date: 2017-09-19 02:32:00 -04:00
image: "/uploads/acreativedc2event.jpg"
event-date: 2017-09-19 04:00:00 -04:00
event-venue-name: Venue Name
event-start-time: 12am
event-end-time: 4am
left-button-text: Button for Non-Members
right-button-text: Button for Members
speaker-header: Speakers
speakers:
- speaker-headshot-image: "/uploads/marcusrelacion_480.jpg"
  speaker-link: Provide a link to the speakers website.
  speaker-name: Speaker Name
  speaker-title: Speaker Title
  speaker-bio-text: Speaker Bio
is-sunday: true
single-event-header-image: "/uploads/acreativedc2event.jpg"
---

## 5-9 Design: What Drives Us Beyond Traditional Workday

District Design Lab (DDL) is a DC-based design incubator that aims to engage the broader design culture in DC and the local communities. Their presentation will focus on the group's work through the lens of working "after hours" and what motivates them to do work beyond the traditional workday.

**Lunch is included.** Registration is $10, limited to 20 attendees. Priority registration for AIGA members opens at noon on October 4th. General registration opens at noon on October 6th. Grab a spot at the beginning of the registration line, and [sign up to become a member today!](http://www.aiga.org/join)

Please plan to arrive at DDL 10 minutes early to allow time for registration, lunch and swapping stories with other designers. The presentation will begin promptly at noon.

## About District Design Lab

DDL is a collaborative group of designers connected by a shared curiosity in exploring different ways to impact social engagement using their collective skill set. The group is interested in pushing design outside of the orthodoxy of DC/corporate office work and out into the public realm more as a way of reminding people that design here isn't just for a specific clientele. Experimentation plays an important role in the group's work and the LAB part of DDL cannot be understated.

Nearest Metro is Brookland-CUA. The studio is located on the Art Walk street level.